Good morning, family.
Praise the Lord.
Day 52.
Thank you for joining me today.
Last night was amazing.
We went to that Billy Burke meeting, and there were so many of you who came to support him.
I'm excited that you all came.
That was awesome.
People drove from Mexico City; I saw a family there that drove almost a 23 or 24-hour drive—all day, all night kind of a deal.
People are hungry; they're hungry for an authentic move of God.
I met a man—I don't remember his name, but there's something about him.
He had a green shirt on with yellow letters and he had a bald head, and his wife was blonde-headed.
The Lord was speaking to me that there's a call on this man's life, and there's going to be a lot more the Lord's going to do with him.
I thought about you all night when I came home.
The Lord has His hand on you, sir, and there's going to be a lot more that God's going to do with you and your family.
There's going to be some more knitting together in your marriage and things with your wife, and there's going to be a great wave that's going to come on you over the next year or so.
I'm telling you, God has His hand on you, and I could sense it very strongly whenever I was standing there.
I'm a very introverted person, so it's very awkward when so many people want to say hi, and I'm not used to that.
Whenever I'm going around folks, I'm discerning people instantaneously.
I told you all my gift; whenever I go around people, I'm reading, and the Lord's allowing me to see things and bringing in so much information and data.
It's overwhelming sometimes, and I get to the point where I go, 'Okay, I've got to go home now.
' So I'm sorry if I didn't get to talk to everybody.
I know there were a lot of people that wanted to say hi, and I appreciate you driving so far.
It was all about Jesus, and it was so exciting to see you there.
My family loved it; it was a blessing.
Thank you for coming and supporting Brother Billy.
He is an amazing man of God, and we're excited that we got to be a part of that meeting.
There are two more days of meetings: Monday, which is tonight, and Tuesday.
If you need healing and deliverance—there was one man who had chronic hiccuping, and I saw the fire of God all over him.
I believe he got delivered from that; that was a demonic attachment, and the Lord set him free.
I believe with all my heart he got his miracle last night.
Like I said, there were so many of you that got a miracle.
There was a lady that had ovarian cancer who got set free.
I saw the fire of God hit her.
She was a rhema graduate, and the Lord is going to do some major things with her in her ministry.
The Lord's not done with her.
It was exciting to be a part of it.
Praise the Lord.
I'm excited you're all here today.
We'll see what happens tonight and on Tuesday night.
I'm just glad to be a part of such an amazing meeting.
If he comes to your area, don't miss out on it.
I'm telling you, the spirit of the Lord moves mightily in these meetings.
I think what I've come to figure out is: is it Billy Burke, is it healing virtue?
It's expectation.
It's about Jesus and expecting Jesus to do something mightily in your life.
Expectation brings the manifestation, and it pulls on the anointing that's on that individual.
When you're expecting God to move mightily in a service, if you just go with your hands folded and you're just watching like, 'Well, let's just see what Jesus does,' and your attitude is like that, you can take it to the bank—you're probably not going to get anything because your attitude is already stinky.
If you go with that anticipation that 'I am coming to touch the hem of the Master's garment today,' expectation brings the manifestation of what you're believing for.
I believe with all my heart it's that childlike faith.
I heard one person say, 'Even the dogs eat the crumbs off the Master's table,' just like what that lady said in the Bible.
Lord, I know I'm a child, but even the dogs get the crumbs off the Master's table.
I am so desperate for an authentic move of the Spirit of the Lord in these last days.
I know beyond a shadow of a doubt that there's a great harvest of souls beyond anyone's comprehension that's about to take place, with healings, demonstrations, and manifestations of the glory.
I believe this is the time that we're going to see some amazing things.
If you have expectation in an atmosphere like that, you'll receive what God has for you.
For those who say, 'I can't make it to that in the Spirit atmosphere,' we receive it today on the camera.
Nothing is impossible to those who believe; all things are possible.
Today you're going to receive your healing, your manifestation of what you're believing for—finances, deliverance, whatever it may be.
Nothing's too big and nothing's too small.
I saw people last night—one had a rod in her back from a major accident or surgery.
Pastor Billy laid hands on her, and the power of God went into her.
He said the Lord told him He's taking that rod out of there by a supernatural creative miracle.
Her husband touched her spine to see and said, 'I don't feel it.
' Her husband validated the miracle right there.
I believe she's healed today.
It takes a supernatural something to take a rod out of somebody's back.
Ladies and gentlemen, it's time to believe God for the impossible.
It's time to believe God even for my Megan, that she's fully healed and whole.
There will be a day when Megan's on here telling you how big her God is.
Jesus is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
Yesterday when I was praying, I saw a suitcase bomb in Syria, I believe in Damascus.
I found out that Assad left and he fled the country to Moscow to get away because the rebels took it over.
There were big-time weapons in Syria, and the Lord showed me yesterday that this thing was going to escalate into the Ezekiel 38 and 39 war, the Gog and Magog stuff.
We are on the edge of a major thing happening in Israel and the Middle East.
Jesus told us there would be wars and rumors of wars before He came back.
We're there, folks.
We're seeing the signs of the times, watching the fruit on the fig tree.
Looking at where it all started in the Middle East, we're going back to the foundation of things.
Jesus is coming, and people are still asleep.
We get distracted by shiny things, by materialism, or the issues we go through, but we have to shake ourselves awake.
We're going to see an escalation of things like never before.
The Lord said we have been focused on politics, the economy, and war, but there is another side we've not seen: signs in the heavens.
Look at the drones being seen over New Jersey and all this weirdness.
I told you they would start to talk about fallen angels and aliens.
Is that part of this Nephilim stuff?
I have no idea; it could be false flag weirdness or someone playing in their garage.
All I know is we're about to see some crazy stuff because there has to be a great deception to try to snare everybody when the Rapture of the church takes place.
How will they explain away hundreds of millions, if not billions, of people disappearing overnight?
It's going to crash the economy and cause worldwide panic in the twinkling of an eye.
Mothers will be frantically looking for their children.
They have to have something to explain the mass chaos.
Satan knows that Jesus is coming soon.
Nobody knows the day or the hour, but He didn't say we wouldn't know the signs.
I believe a true believer is going to have that inward knowing that we are getting really close.
You say it could be four years, but look how fast 2024 has gone.
We are less than two weeks away from the end of the year.
If we have four or five more years left, think about how fast that is.
A great supernatural wealth transfer is going to begin in 2025.
You can see the rockets starting to lift off.
There are things changing right now, like a floodgate getting ready to be released.
I believe the button will be President Trump being inaugurated into office.
I saw a dam full of sludge being held back, but the Lord said He's giving us a window through the prayers of the saints.
What will you do with this window?
We have a sliver of time for revival, to get our stuff in order.
Yes, we'll see an economic crisis, drought, earthquakes, volcanoes, and asteroids.
It's coming like a freight train.
The Earth is in anticipation.
The cup of sin is full.
It's time to get your heart right with Jesus, to repent and walk in holiness.
Get Psalm 91 and Psalm 23 inside your heart.
Have a revelation of who you are in Christ, knowing you have authority over the devil to tread on serpents and scorpions.
I pray every day that our eyes are flooded with light.
We're hungry for more of You, Father.
We want to go from glory to glory.
It's time to get serious.
We're going to see some radical stuff in 2025.
I heard a lady tell Diana that her daughter, whom we've been praying for, is having twins.
If you're believing for children today, believe that the fruit of your womb is blessed.
We take authority over the spirit of anxiety and miscarriage.
In the name of Jesus, we believe every one of you will have a full-term baby with nothing missing and nothing broken.
Your children will be blessed.
Cast your care onto the Father.
We're going to see some things around us, and if you're not in the right place, you may have the opportunity to go home early, but I believe there's divine protection for you.
It's not a time to fear; it's a time to pray and rise up.
We're not going to be freaked out about the suitcase thing; we're going to pray over it and the escalation in the Middle East and Ukraine.
We see the rocket ship liftoff.
Father, I thank You for Your supernatural hand on these people.
You are the miracle worker.
Today is the day for their manifestation.
I thank You for finances, creative ideas to get wealth, and supernatural favor.
Everything we touch has favor because You dwell inside of us.
We serve a God of more than enough.
We are not going to shrink back; we're going to take the ground.
We call the walls of Jericho to come down over your household.
We give a shout of praise to the Lord.
We break the back of lack and believe for a hundredfold return.
This is the time to be the head and not the tail, to have witty ideas and excel.
We're taking back the spiritual land that the enemy stole.
Father, we will minister the truth in love—the meat of the word, like T-bone steaks, not some porridge milky message.
Come up higher to the throne room to prophesy.
It's time to soar on wings like eagles.
We thank You for healing from cancer, diabetes, and heart disease.
We pray over the Trump administration and his protection today.
We thank You for Solomon's wisdom for him.
I pray over Elon Musk and thank You that he and Trump are born again.
We take authority over the blinders of the enemy.
We plead the blood of Jesus over Elon Musk and thank You that Starlink will be used to spread the gospel.
It is the goodness of God that draws men to repentance.
We want what they have—healing, deliverance, and manifestations.
We are the clay, and He is the Potter.
Anoint us with the fire of the Holy Spirit.
Even our shadows should touch people and heal them.
People will turn from their wicked ways.
We lift up Canada and thank You that Justin Trudeau is removed and a godly leader comes forth.
We pray for godly leaders throughout the EU, Germany, Finland, Ireland, and Italy.
I thank You for the warning regarding the volcano I saw in Italy by Rome; I thank You that believers would hear and get out of harm's way.
We call for revival in South Korea and all of Asia.
Something is going on in South Korea; there's going to be a stirring in the government and the church.
The Asian people are not forgotten.
We call for a major move of God among Latinos and the Spanish communities.
We thank You that false religion would fall off.
We thank You for a move in the Catholic Church all the way through South America.
We break the strongholds of false religions like the Mayan stuff.
There's a holy ghost brushfire moving through Venezuela, El Salvador, Brazil, and Mexico.
People are desperate for financial liberty.
The only thing that brings happiness is Jesus.
We thank You for the truth throughout the Latino communities and Cuba.
We thank You that the strongholds of evil dictators are coming down.
We take authority over the witchcraft I'm seeing in Cuba: Santería.
It's a demonic stronghold, so we pronounce freedom.
Raise up leaders in Cuba like David, with no fear.
The cult tries to be bullies like the mafia.
I pray over Jamaica, the Bahamas, and all the islands.
Raise up great fire to set the people free.
I thank You for Africa and the freedom coming there from witchcraft.
I saw a crow's hand with blood on a stick; we thank You that those people are free from witch doctors.
Raise up people with an anointing to raise the dead and heal the blind.
We call forth the great warriors and harvesters.
I worship You, Father.
We rejoice and are glad.
Holy Spirit, flood this place.
We're desperate and thirsty for You.
Fresh living water flows from Your throne today.
I'm going to pray in the spirit now.
This is a perfect prayer from my spirit to the Father.
Don't speak against the Holy Spirit; keep your mouth quiet if you don't understand it, because I'm concerned for your safety.
We yield to the Holy Spirit.
Sometimes praying in tongues feels dry, like you're in a desert, but you have to push through the dryness to hit a gusher.
You don't put a time on it.
You push past your flesh to see the breakthroughs.
I bind hindering spirits in the name of Jesus and command you to cease and desist.
Blessed are the pure in heart, for they will see God.
The atmosphere is changing; it's going into the river.
The glory is here.
We sit at Your feet, Papa.
I thank You for boldness where there has been timidity.
Rise up and be bold as a lion.
We call the people in from the north, south, east, and west to this channel.
We call in the laborers and the million-person prayer army that will change the nations.
Show them the way here, Holy Spirit.
It's all about Jesus.
We thank You for Your angels.
We command those rats nipping at people's heels to be gone.
There are levels of the glory and anointing—ankle deep, knee deep, waist deep, and over the head.
Each level is by the refiner's fire.
It's less of you and more of Him.
The refiner's fire burns out your weaknesses, whether it's finances, addictions, pride, or lust.
Clean out your closet and let the Holy Spirit change you into a kingly anointing.
It's about dying to self daily.
Create in me a clean heart and take out the chaff.
Don't be a religious Pharisee.
Come to Him like a child.
I met a man yesterday who couldn't read or write; that person has a great opportunity because they're desperate.
My own spelling is atrocious, but I do not allow that to be a crutch.
I refuse to have a victim mentality.
Rise up and slay the giant.
God doesn't need you to have a PhD to use you.
Thank you for joining me.
Those who stick around are the ones who are hungry.
It's a slow cooker, not a microwave.
Pushing in is what changes you.
I hope this video blessed you.
If you're new, please subscribe.
2025 is going to be an amazing year for accuracy in the prophetic.
You have to go deep to get the true words.
Like, subscribe, and comment.
We'll see you tomorrow.
God bless you.
Bye-bye.